::

  ZIP: Unassigned
  Title: Decentralize the Dev Fee
  Owners: Matt Luongo <matt@thesis.co>
  Status: Draft
  Category: Process
  Created: 2019-09-27
  License: MIT

Motivation
==========

Who am I?
---------

My name is Matt Luongo. I'm an entrepreneur who's been full-time in the crypto
space since 2014, co-founding Fold, a Bitcoin payments company, and more
recently Keep, a private computation startup built on Ethereum. I've built some
`around Zcash <https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/2129>`_, and we've
considered investing more heavily in Zcash development on our latest project.

I'm deeply interested in privacy tech. For me, privacy is about consent --
consent to know my habits, beliefs, and preferences -- and I see privacy as
the next frontier in our pursuit of an economy that respects individual choice.

My perspective is as the founder of a for-profit company focused on building
self-sovereign technologyi who would like to develop on Zcash. We work in this
space ideologically, but our work isn't free; attracting and growing talent
requires funding.

If you're interested in more on my background, I've introduced myself more
`properly on the forum
<https://forum.zcashcommunity.com/t/introducing-matt-luongo-from-keep/34947>`_.

What's this about?
------------------

Since Zcon1, I've been looking to fund work to build an Ethereum / Zcash bridge.
I've spoken to the ECC, the Zcash Foundation, and a number of early Zcash
community members on how best to move forward with this project, and in the
process I've learned a lot about how the community works and dev governance has
been structured thus far.

Inevitably, I've become interested in the community's proposals for a new dev
fee, and thought about how the right structure might support work like ours.

I believe the Zcash community has an opportunity to deploy a new incentive
structure that will attract companies like ours to build and improve Zcash,
leading to a more resilient network, stronger technology, and wider usage.

The Zcash Narrative
-------------------

We're all here to build a robust, private, decentralized currency. But in the
dev fee proposals I've seen so far, the idea of a Zcash narrative that
distinguishes it from the competition is absent.

One direction proposed in ZIP XYZ claims that Zcash is a hedge against Bitcoin's
long-term privacy failure. Put simply, Zcash is "Bitcoin, but private".

I believe that Zcash should aim higher. Only one coin has successfully made a
store of value argument, which I like to call "worse is better". Don't upgrade
the network -- stability is more important than solving today's problems.
Bitcoin is chasing the Lindy effect, where worse is better, and that's great for
Bitcoin. For the rest of us, though, better is better. Zcash *should be better*.

Zcash is known for having the best tech in the space, built by one of the best
team's in the space. We should lean in to that reputation, nurturing the best
research and engineering talent to take Zcash to the next level.
